[Rewrite] Wiki base structure (#52)
QuiltMC/developer-wiki: wiki/items/first-item.md

Author: I think dont think its necessary to use such a complicated structure since we are only adding a singular item. Stuff like that might fit into some sort of "Architecture of large Mods" article

```java
ItemGroupEvents.modifyEntriesEvent(ItemGroups.INGREDIENTS).register(entries -> {
	entries.addItem(EXAMPLE_ITEM);
});
```

Here we are using the `ItemGroupEvents` API. We get the [Event](../concepts/events) for modifying the `INGREDIENTS` item group and register a new listener. [Events](../concepts/events) have two main use cases. On the one side you can use them to do things when something happens, for example when block gets broken or even simply at each tick. On the other side they can be used for modifying things like item groups, where ordering is important. In this case, however, we are doing nothing complicated and simply adding the item to the end of the Ingredients item group. This will also add them to the creative menu search.

## Textures

First we need to declare the model for the item. This tells the game how to render the item.

> `example_item.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`assets/simple_item_mod/models/item/example_item.json`:
```

```json
{
	"parent": "item/generated",
	"textures": {
		"layer0": "simple_item_mod:item/example_item"
	}
}
```

> This goes in `assets/simple_item_mod/models/item`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the mod id and item name as before. 
```

For most items, all you need to do here is replace `simple_item_mod` with your mod ID and `example_item` with the item name you set earlier. Be sure to replace them in both the file/folder names and the JSON file.
The texture file, as shown in the model, should match the path specified in the `Identifier`, so in our case `assets/simple_item_mod/textures/item/example_item.png`

## Language Translation

Finally, we need to add a translation. Put this in `assets/simple_item_mod/lang/en_us.json`, replacing the mod id and item name as before:

```json
{
	"item.simple_item_mod.example_item": "Example Item"
}
```

And that's it! Your item should be fully working.

## What's next?

> This tutorial only covers the most basic of items. Check the other item tutorials for more advanced items or [add a simple block](../blocks/first-block)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial only covers the most basic of items. Check the other item tutorials for more advanced items or try [Adding a simple block](../blocks/first-block)
```

> If you want your item to have a recipe, generate one from [destruc7i0n's crafting recipe generator](https://crafting.thedestruc7i0n.ca/) (you may want to use a placeholder for the `output` item and then replace it with e.g. `simple_item_mod:example_item`) and then put it in a JSON file under `resources/data/simple_item_mod/recipes/` (replacing `simple_item_mod` with your mod id). Further details on item recipes can be found on [the dedicated recipe page](.../data/adding-recipes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want your item to have a recipe, generate one from [destruc7i0n's crafting recipe generator](https://crafting.thedestruc7i0n.ca/) (you can add your mod's items using the "Add Item" button above the the ingredient list) and then put it in a JSON file under `resources/data/simple_item_mod/recipes/` (replacing `simple_item_mod` with your mod id). Further details on item recipes can be found on [the dedicated recipe page](.../data/adding-recipes).
```
noticed you can just add custom items, might as well suggest using that
